{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\info
{\author Adithya VR}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13020\viewkind1\viewscale120
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sb240\sa60\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Know the Program Better
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa60\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Indiana University-Purdue University, Indianapolis
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Q. What is program at IUPUI like?
\i0\b0\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
M.S. in Human-Computer Interaction at IUPUI\'a0is a two-year program that integrates interactive computing, user experience, usability, interaction and\'a0interface design, and the social sciences in the research, design, and development of user-centered systems.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\i\b\fs28 Q. What kind of job opportunities are present?\

\i0\b0\fs24 On Campus: Almost everybody in HCI has TA or/and RA with Professors.\
Full-time: Jobs are not very easy as Indianapolis is not a big city, but there are few good companies like Ely Lilly, Salesforce, Angie\'92s List, etc. IUPUI has a career fair each semester where companies like Google, Facebook, Apple comes. Also students can go to both IUB and Purdue\'92s career fairs for jobs. Most students apply online for jobs/internships. \

\i\b\fs28 Q. What kind of course is it?\uc0\u8232 
\i0\b0\fs24 The Program is a good mix of research and design courses. Coursework is intense but fun. IUPUI has good funding for research and projects especially in Health & Social domains. Professors are really good with good design/research experience. Many professors are/were design leaders working in companies like Amazon, Salesforce, R/GA etc.\

\i\b\fs28 Q. I am from non UX background. What are my chances of getting accepted?
\i0\b0\fs24 \uc0\u8232 Not many here are from UX background. People from CS, ECE, Mech, Psychology Business, Arts and even Journalism are studying in IUPUI. Chances are good if you have you show why you are interested in HCI and have a decent GRE+TOEFL / IELTS score.\

\i\b\fs28 Q. What is the class size?
\i0\b0\fs22 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 Class size is different in each class. Max can be 50-60 & Min 5-10.\

\i\b\fs28 Q. Are there people from non-science background?
\i0\b0\fs24 \uc0\u8232 Various people from Psychology, Business, Arts, Law and Journalism are there.\

\i\b\fs28 Q. Should I apply?
\i0\b0\fs24 \uc0\u8232 If GRE score below 315.
\fs22 \

\i\b\fs28 Q. Will I be funded?
\i0\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yes. Everyone usually gets  $12k funding + TA/RA\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sb240\sa60\partightenfactor0

\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Q. What is the profile expected?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0\fs22 \cf0 GRE above 305, Toefl above 90\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Q. Any last tips on preparation?\

\i0\b0\fs24 Don\'92t stress much, introspect, be aware and know what you want.
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sb240\sa60\partightenfactor0

\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Q. Are there any exams? 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b0\fs22 \cf0 No
\f1 \
}